0.7
###

0.7.3
-----

Bug Fixes
=========

* Use standard python version requirements to avoid dependency resolution issues

0.7.2
-----

Bug Fixes
=========

* Fix a bug that could lead to memory overflow on large spatial queries

Docs
====

* Add documentation for installing from conda-forge


0.7.1
-----

Bug Fixes
=========

* Re-add PR that was acidentally overwritten

0.7.0
-----

Features
========

* Spatial queries are now available using the :py:meth:`bound <opencosmo.Dataset.bound>` function. Note: datasets retrieved from the CosmoExplorer online query tool prior to the release of 0.7.0 will not contain the necessary information for spatial queries.

* You can now create YT datasets out of StructureCollections using for visualization purposes using :py:meth:`opencosmo.analysis.create_yt_dataset`

* Columns can now be added to a dataset by combining columns that already exist in the dataset. These new columns transform under changes of unit convention and can be filtered on. See :ref:`Creating New Columns`

* Structure collections can now contain other structure collections. For example when iterating through halos, you might recieve a StructureCollection of galaxies that are hosted by the given halo.

* The names of the columns in a dataset can now be directly accessed with :py:attr:`opencosmo.Dataset.columns`



API Changes
===========

* :py:meth:`opencosmo.StructureCollection.objects` now simply returns a single dictionary, rather than a tuple (note, this is a breaking change). See :ref:`Structure Collections`
* You can now use :py:meth:`opencosmo.StructureCollection.halos` or :py:meth:`opencosmo.StructureCollection.galaxies` in place of `opencosmo.StructureCollection.objects` based on depending on the type of structures in the collection.


Improvements
============
* Output handling has been rewritten from the ground up, and is now much more well-behaved particularly in MPI contexts.
* MPICH-enabled containers with OpenCosmo and parallel HDF5 installed are now available on DockerHub at astropatty/opencosmo

Bug Fixes
=========

* Fixed a bug that caused StructureCollections to not write properly in MPI contexts
* Fixed a bug that that could cause memory overflow when writing large colelctions.

Deprecations
============
* opencosmo.read is now deprecated and will be removed in a later version, use :py:func:`opencosmo.open`
* Native Windows support has been dropped due to the addition of healpy as a dependency. Windows use via WSL is unaffected.


